♪ At the end of the rainbow,
there's happiness. ♪
♪ And to find it,
how often I've tried. ♪
♪ But my life, is a race.
Just a wild goose chase. ♪
♪ And my dreams, have all been denied. ♪
♪ Why have I always been a failure? ♪
♪ What can the reason be? ♪
♪ I wonder if the world's to blame. ♪
♪ I wonder if it could be me. ♪
♪ I'm always chasing rainbows. ♪
♪ Watching clouds drifting by. ♪
♪ My schemes are just like all my dreams. ♪
♪ Ending in the sky. ♪
♪ Some fellows look
and find the sunshine. ♪
♪ I always look
and find the rain. ♪
♪ Some fellows make
a winning sometime. ♪
♪ I never even make a gain. ♪
♪ Believe me. ♪
♪ I'm always chasing rainbows. ♪
♪ Waiting to find a little bluebird. ♪
♪ In vain. ♪
Aaaaah!
Ugh. Huh?
Oh! I'm alive! I'm alive-
Heh. Thanks for the fun time, hot stuff!
Yeah, yeah, listen.
Keep this discreet, you hear me?
I can't let out I'm offerin' my services
to randos on the street!
It was a quick cash grab.
Ya got it?
Pfft! Whatever you say, slut!
Muhehehehehehe!
Ouch! Ooh!
Such an insult!
Let me know when you've come up
with something creative to call me,
you sack of poorly packaged horse shit!
Tell the missus I said "hi", Shnuckums!
Pack a - puh...
Yoink!
Hey!
Up yours, drag show!
Oh my GOD!
MY DRUGS!
Damn it!
Ahahahahahahahahahahah!
Those other cowardly ssssinners
dare not hinder my territorial take-over!
A wise decision!
The power of my machines are unmatched!
No other demon can compare to the likesss of I!
Gee! That was pretty swell, boss!
Yeah!
I liked when you shot them with your ray gun!
You really showed them what for!
I wish he'd shoot me with his ray gun!
At this rate, I will seize control of
the entire west side of The Pentagram by day's end!
And nothing, not a single beast in this inferno of suffering
will be able to take back this empire from
my constrictive grasp!
Oh boy!
Hell will be mine!
And everybody will know the name of Sir Pen-
EDGELORD!
Pardon?!
Who said that?!
What did you just say to me, you fried chicken fetuses?!
Speak up!
That wasn't us, Mr. Bossman.
[COUGHS]
You lookin' for a fight, old man?!
Why don't you get that tinker toy bullshit
off my turf before I smash it?!
....More!
Oh!
You wanna go, missy?!
Well, I'm happy to oblige!
Ahahah!
Good afternoon, I'm Katie Killjoy.
And I'm Tom Trench!
Chaos out at Pentagram City today as
a turf war is raging on the west side!
Between notable kingpin, Sir Pentious,
and self-proclaimed spunky powerhouse, Cherri Bomb!
That's right, Tom!
After the recent extermination,
many areas are now up for grabs!
Demons all over Hell are already
duking it out to gain new territory!
Those two seem to be really going at it, huh?
Looks like they're fighting tooth and nail
for that hot spot!
And I'd sure like to nail her hot spot!
Hoohoo!
Haha, you are a limpdick jackass Tom!
Or should I say -
no dick?
Ugh...not again!
Coming up next, we have an exclusive interview
with the daughter of Hell's own head honcho
who's here to discuss her brand new passion project!
All that and more, after the break!
Suck it up, you little bi-!
Okay! You remember what to say?
Yes! Let's do this!
Just, look at me and I'll mouth it to you.
Come on, Vaggie!
I know what to say!
I just feel like we need to...
I don't know, make things sound more exciting!
Hooo! What if I si-
-Sing a song about it?
You knew I was gonna say that!
Because I know you.
But please don't sing!
This is serious!
Well, you know, I'm better at expressing myself
and my goals through song!
But life isn't a musical, hon.
Fine.
But I have these other ideas of what to say!
The highlighted bits are the best part!
Uh, it's all highlighted.
Is this a drawing...?
Yes!
That's the happy ending, see?!
Everyone smiling and happy in Heaven!
I don't think it's that simple.
Just please follow the talking points we went over.
And do not sing!
Okay, fiiiine.
[BRITISH ACCENT]
I'll just have to resort to my impeccable improv skills!
[NORMAL VOICE]
Hiii! I'm Charlie.
Katie Killjoy.
I'd say it's a pleasure to meet you,
but that would be a lie.
And you can put that away.
I don't touch the gays.
I have standards!
Yeah?
How's uh...
how's that working out for ya?
Look, my time is money, so I'll keep this short.
You're not here because we wanted you here.
You're here because Jeffrey couldn't make it
for his cannibal cooking segment.
You might be some royal big shot,
but that doesn't mean shit to me.
I'm too rich and too influential to give a flying fuck
about what some tux-wearing demon
"princess" wants to advertise.
But I-
So don't get cute with me, honey,
or I will fucking bury you!
And we're live!
Welcome back!
[BONES CRACKING]
So, Charlotte!
It's... Charlie.
Whatever.
Tell us about this new passion project you've been
insistently pestering our news station about!
Well...
As most of you know, I was born here in Hell
and growing up, I always tried to see
the good in everyone around me.
Hell is my home and-
you are my people.
We...
we just went through another extermination.
We lost so many souls, and it breaks my heart to see
my people being slaughtered every year.
No one is even given a chance!
I can't stand idly by while the place I live
is subjected to such violence!
So, I've been thinking:
Isn't there a more humane way
to hinder overpopulation here in Hell?
Perhaps we can create an alternative way
to change souls through...
redemption?
Well, I think yes!
So that's what this project aims to achieve!
Ladies and gentlemen,
I'm opening the first of its kind!
A hotel that rehabilitates sinners!
Y'know?
'Cause hotels are for people passin' through...
temporarily...
Ahahaha!
IS this girl for real?!
She thinks-
You hear what she thinks?!
She thi- HAHA!
Ah, she's nuts.
I think it'll serve a purpose...
a place to work toward redemption...
yay...!
Stupid bitch.
Look, every single one of you has something good,
deep down inside.
I know you do!
...Maybe I'm not getting through to you.
Oh no...
♪ I have a dream, I'm here to tell! ♪
♪ About a wonderful fantastic new hotel! ♪
♪ Yes, it's one-of-a-kind! ♪
♪ Right here in Hell,
catering to a specific clientele. ♪
♪ Oooh ooh ooh~ ♪
♪ Right here in Hell,
catering to a specific clientele. ♪
♪ Oooh ooh ooh~ ♪
♪ Inside of every demon is a rainbow! ♪
♪ Inside every sinner is a shiny smile! ♪
♪ Inside of every creepy hatchet-wielding maniac ♪
♪ is a jolly, happy cupcake-loving child ♪
♪ We can turn them 'round!
They'll be Heaven-bound! ♪
♪ With just a little time,
down at The Happy Hotel! ♪
♪ So all you junkies, freaks, and weirdos. ♪
♪ Creepers, fuck-ups,
crooks, and zeroes, ♪
♪ and down-fallen superheros,
help is here! ♪
♪ All of you cretins, sluts,
and losers, sexual deviants,
and boozers, and prescription
drug abusers, need not fear!
♪ Forever again, we'll cure your sin! ♪
♪ We'll make you well, you'll feel so swell! ♪
♪ Right here in Hell, at the Happy Hotel! ♪
♪ There'll be no more fire, and no more screams. ♪
♪ Just puppy dog kisses, and cotton candy dreams, ♪
♪ and puffy-wuffy clouds, you're gonna be like "Wow!" ♪
♪ Once you check in with me! ♪
♪ So all your cartoon porn addictions,
vegan rants, psychic predictions, ♪
♪ ancient Roman crucifixions,
end right here! ♪
♪ All you monsters, thieves
and crazies, cannibals, ♪
♪ and crying babies, frothing mouths
that's full of rabies filled with cheer! ♪
♪ You'll be complete!
It'll be so neat! ♪
♪ Our service can't be beat!
You'll be on easy street, yes! ♪
♪ Life will be sweet at The Happy Hotel!
Yeah! ♪
Wow!
...That was shit!
Boo.
What in the Nine Circles
makes you think a single denizen of Hell
would give two shits about becoming a better person?!
You have no proof that this little
experiement even works!
You want people to be good?!
Just...
because?!
Well, we have a patron already,
who believes in our cause
and he's shown incredible progress!
Oh?
And who might that be?
Oh, just someone named...
Angel Dust!
The porn star?
You fucking would, Tom!
In any case, that's not even an accomplishment.
I'm sure you could get that hooker to do
anything with enough booger sugar and lube.
Oh, I beg to differ!
He's been behaved, clean, and out of trouble
for two weeks now.
Breaking News!
We are receiving word that a new player
has entered the ongoing turf war!
Let's go to the live feed.
Oh, shit.
I'm a bad person!
"Oh, shit" indeed!
It looks like the one who just joined the battle
is none other than porn actor, Angel Dust!
What a juicy coincidence!
You must feel really stupid right now.
Ratings!
Don't look at this!
Well, it sure looks like your little project is dead on arrival.
Tell us, how does it feel to be a total failure?
Yeah, well...
How does it feel that I got your pen, huh?!
...Bitch!
[NERVOUSLY]
Ehehe...
oops.
Heyyy, thanks for the backup, Angie!
Hahaha!
You kiddin'?
This is the best action I've seen in ages!
Where've you been, anyway?
I thought you up and died or some shit.
Oh, I wish!
I've been staying at this crappy hotel on the other side of town.
Some broads are lettin' me stay rent-free if I play nice.
Y'know, no fights, no pranks, no "problematic language"...
Her words, not mine.
These crazy bitches are no fun!
I've been clean for two weeks!
Holy shit!
Well, sorta clean.
Just clean as you can get from
a shitload of Bolivian marching powder!
Ohh~, harder, daddy!
Son?!
Grr!
You whores have no classss!
In war, The side remembered is the side with the most ssstyle!
Or the side that ain't dead!
Speakin' a style, is your hat like, alive or something?
Oh!
Well, that's none of your GOD DAMN BUSSSSINESS!
Now, is it?
Hah, would that make your hat the top and you the bottom?
Oooooh!
I'm going to blow you to bitssss!
Hm, kinky!
Oh, not like that!
Pervert!
Not so cocky now, are we?!
Y'know, you really gotta watch what comes outta ya mouth.
I've been making these sex jokes the whole TIME!
And it's obvious ya ain't catchin' on.
I mean, it's just sad!
So, think you're gonna get in a lotta trouble for this?
Eh, what's one little brawl gonna cause?
WHY WON'T ANYONE HELP ME?!
Glad you haven't changed!
You know you're my favorite guy to party with!
You know it, sugar tits!
You ready to finish this?
Born ready, baby!
[SIGHS]
...What?
"What?", WHAT?!
What were you DOING?!
I owed my girl buddy a solid!
Isn't that a "redeeming quality"?
Helping friends with stuff?
Not with turf wars that result in territorial genocide!
Eh, you win some, you lose a few hundred.
Ehahahahahah!
It wasn't that bad, anyway.
Aw, come on!
I had to!
My credibility was on the line!
I mean, what kind of reputation would I have
if people found out I was tryna go clean?
It just throws out my entire persona!
Your credibility?
What about the hotel's?!
Your little stunt made us look like a fucking joke!
No, no, no, babe.
Jokes are funny!
I made you look...
uh, sad!
And pathetic!
Like an orphan...
with no arms...
or legs...
Oh! With progeria!
Great!
Now I'm bummed thinkin' about it!
This thing have any liquor?
Can you please just try to take this seriously?
Fine, I'll try.
Just don't get your taco in a twist, baby!
Was that you trying to be sexist or racist?!
[GROANS]
Whatever pisses you off more.
Is there seriously no liquor in here?!
I'm gonna kill 'em.
Too late, toots.
Wait! Would that make me double dead?
Hah, and where exactly do I go?
To Double Hell?
Hahahahahahahaha!
Sorry, you're stuck with me, bitch.
Get used to it.
Come mierda malparido!
(Translation: "Eat shit bastard")
Listen, who cares if some jack-offs got hurt?
Come mierda malparido!
(Translation: "Eat shit bastard")
Listen, who cares if some jack-offs got hurt?
Most of 'em are ugly freaks.
Look around!
You got a bunch a fuckin' harlequin-looking babies down here!
You're one to talk.
Hey!
This body is flawless!
Everyone wants summa me,
and I've got the creepy fan letters to prove it!
Grrr...
That was really uncool, y'know, Angel.
"UNCOOL"?
After that train-wreck, there is no way
anyone is gonna wanna stay at the hotel!
All thanks to you and your selfish bullshit!
Does that mean I don't have a free room anymore?
Ah, well shucks.
Hey, come on.
We don't know if things are over yet!
Try to relax, Vaggie.
I-it'll be okay!
Ugh!
Eh, it's probably a good idea to get some actual food in this place.
Y'know, to feed all the wayward souls you got in here!
Ahahaha!
Ahaha...!
eh... ah...
Hey, mom.
I know I keep calling and you must be busy...
Really busy...
But, um, the interview didn't go well, and...
I don't know if I'm ever going to make a difference.
I don't know what I'm doing.
I could really use some advice, mom.
I... I think dad was right about me...
Ahah, oof, eh, anyway...
I'll stop talking before this gets long.
Love you, bye...
Hel-
-lo!
Hey, Vaggie?
Whaaaat?
The Radio Demon is at the door!
What?!
Uh... who?
What should I do?!
Uh, well, don't let him in!
May I speak now?
You may.
Alastor!
Pleasure to be meeting you, sweetheart!
Quite a pleasure!
Excuse my sudden visit, but I saw your fiasco on a picture show,
and I just couldn't resist!
What a performance!
Why, I haven't been that entertained
since the stock market crash of 1929!
Hahahahaha, sooo many orphans...
Stop right there!
Cabrón hijo de perra
(Translation: "Bastard son of a bitch")
I know your game and I'm not gonna let you hurt anyone here,
you pompous cheesy talkshow shitlord!
Dear, if I wanted to hurt anyone here...
[DISTORED]
I would've done so already...
No!
I'm here because I want to help!
Say what now?
Help! Hahaha, hello?
Is this thing on?
Testing, testing!
Well I heard you loud and clear!
Um, you want to help?
With...?
This ridiculous thing you're trying to do!
This hotel!
I want to help you run it.
Buuut...
why?
Hahaha, why does anyone do anything?
Sheer, absolute boredom!
I've lacked inspiration for decades.
My work became mundane,
lacking focus, aimless!
I've come to crave a new form of entertainment!
Hahaha!
Does getting into a fistfight with a reporter count as entertainment...?
It's the purest kind, my dear: Reality!
True passion!
After all, the world is a stage and the stage is a world of entertainment.
So does this mean you think it's possible to rehabilitate a demon?
Hahahahaha!
Of course not!
That's wacky nonsense!
Redemption, oh the non-existent humanity!
No no no no, I don't think there's anything left
that could save such loathsome sinners!
The chance given was the life they lived before,
the punishment is this!
There is no undoing what is done!
So then, why do you wanna help me if you don't believe in my cause?
Consider it an investment in ongoing entertainment for myself!
I want to watch the scum of the world struggle to climb up
the hill of betterment only to repeatedly trip
and tumble down to the fiery pit of failure!
Riiiight.
Yes, indeedy!
I see big things coming your way and who better to help you than I?
Uh, so...
uh, what's the deal with Smiles over there?
Wait, you've never heard of him before?
You've been here longer than me!
The Radio Demon.
One of the most powerful beings Hell has ever seen?
Eh, not big on politics.
Ugh!
Decades ago, Alastor manifested in Hell,
seemingly overnight.
He began to topple Overlords who have been dominant for centuries.
That kind of raw power had never
been harnessed by a mortal soul before.
Then, he broadcast his carnage all throughout Hell
just so everyone could witness his ability.
Sinners started calling him
"The Radio Demon" (as lazy as that is).
Many have speculated what unimaginable force enabled
him to rival our world's most ancient and destructive evils.
But one thing's for sure:
He's an unpredictable source of danger, a wicked spirit of mystery
and a violent monster of chaos, the likes of which
we can't risk getting involved with unless we want to end up erased!
Ya done?
He looks like a strawberry pimp.
Well, I don't trust him!
To be fair, do you trust any man?
Any men? Men?
Charlie, listen to me.
You can't believe this creep!
He isn't just a happy face!
He's a deal maker!
Pure evil!
He can't be redeemed!
...And is most likely looking for a way
to destroy everything we're trying to do!
I...
we don't know that!
Look, I know he's bad,
and I know he probably doesn't wanna change,
but the whole point of this is to give people a chance!
To have faith things will be better!
How can I turn someone away?
I can't.
It goes against everything I'm trying to do.
Everything I believe in.
Just...
trust me.
I can take care of myself!
Charlie, whatever you do, do not make a deal with him!
Don't worry, I picked up one thing from my dad!
"You don't take shit from other demons!"
Okay, so, Al.
You're sketchy as fuck and you clearly
see what I'm trying to do here as a joke.
But I don't.
I think everyone deserves a chance to prove they can be better.
So I'm taking your offer to help.
On the condition that there be no...
tricks or voodoo strings attached.
So, it's a deal then?
Nope!
No shaking!
No deals!
I...
hmm...
As princess of Hell and heir to the throne,
I, uh, hereby order that you help with this hotel.
For as long as you desire.
Sound fair?
Hmm...
Fair enough!
Cool beans.
Hmm hm hmm hmm...
Smile, my dear!
You know you're never fully dressed without one!
So where is your hotel staff?
Uh, well-
Ohohoho, you're going to need more than that.
And what can you do, my effeminate fellow?
I can suck your dick!
HAH!
No.
Your loss.
Well, this just won't do!
I suppose I can cash in a few favors to liven things up.
This little darling is Niffty!
Hi, I'm Niffty!
It's nice to meet you!
It's been a while since I've made new friends!
Why're you all women?
Are there any men here?!
I'm sorry, that's rude.
Oooh man, this place is filthy!
It really needs a lady's touch!
Which is weird because you're all ladies, no offense.
Oh my gosh, this is awful!
Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope!
Nope!
Hah! Read 'em and weep, boys!
Full Ho-
-tel?
What the fuck is this?
You!
Ah, Husker, my good friend!
Glad you could make it!
Don't you "Husker" me, you son of a bitch!
I was about to win the whole damn pot!
Good to see you too!
What the hell do you want with me this time...?
My friend, I am doing some charity work
so I took it upon myself to volunteer your services!
I hope that's okay!
Are you shittin' me?!
Hmm...
No, I don't think so!
You thought it'd be some kind of big fucking riot
just to pull me out of nowhere?!
You think I'm some kind of fucking clown?!
I ain't doing no fucking charity job.
Maybe!
Well, I figured you would be the perfect face
to man the front desk of this fine establishment!
With your charming smile and welcoming energy,
this job was made for you!
Don't worry my friend, I can make this more welcoming!
...If you wish.
What?
You think you can buy me with a wink and some cheap booze?!
...Well, you can!
Hey, hey!
Hey, hey, hey!
No! No bar, no alcohol!
This is supposed to be a place that discourages sin!
Not some kind of mouth, brothel, man cave!
SHUT UP! SHUT! UP!
We are keeping this!
Hey~
Go fuck yourself.
Only if you watch me!
Oh my gosh!
Welcome to The Happy Hotel!
You are going to love it here!
I lost the ability to love years ago.
So, whaddaya think?
This is amazing!
It's... okay.
Hahaha! This is going to be very entertaining!
♪ You have a dream!
You wish to tell! ♪
♪ And it's just laughable.
But, hey, kid, what the hell? ♪
♪ 'Cause you're one-of-a-kind!
A charming demon belle! ♪
♪ Now, let's give these burning fools a place to dwell!
Take it, boys! ♪
♪ Haha! Inside of every demon is a lost cause!
But we'll dress 'em up for now, with just a smile! ♪
Boo!
♪ Haha! Inside of every demon is a lost cause!
But we'll dress 'em up for now, with just a smile! ♪
♪ With a smile! ♪
♪ Haha! Inside of every demon is a lost cause!
But we'll dress 'em up for now, with just a smile! ♪
♪ And we'll chlorinate this
cesspool with some old redemption flair! ♪
♪ With a smile! ♪
♪ And we'll chlorinate this
cesspool with some old redemption flair! ♪
♪ And show these simpletons some proper class and style! ♪
♪ Class and style! ♪
♪ Oh! Here below the ground,
I'm sure your plan is sound! ♪
♪ Class and style! ♪
♪ Oh! Here below the ground,
I'm sure your plan is sound! ♪
♪ They'll spend a little time, down at this Hazbin Ho- ♪
Hah! Well, well, well.
Look who it is harboring the striped freak!
We meet yet again, Alastor!
Do I know you?
Oh, yes you do!
And this time, I have the element of-
SURPRISE!
Ahaha! I'm so evil!
...Well, I'm starved!
Who wants some Jambalaya?
My mother once showed me a wonderful recipe for Jambalaya.
In fact, it nearly killed her!
Hahaha!
You could say the kick was right out of Hell!
Ohoho, I'm on a roll!
Yes, sir!
This is the start of some real changes down here!
The game is set! Now...
...Stay tuned.
Hahaha...!
[Subtitles by
SleepyJay/RBJesse]